reflection-milestone4
================
Cheuk Ho, Hazel Jiang, Anita Li, Ivy Zhang
06/02/2021

This week we improved our dashboard created in Python based on the
feedbacks we got from TA and peer review. We also tried to implement
what we have in mind from previous milestones. So far, we believe our
app is easy to use and informative as well. Our app provides users a
very clear layout with overall attrition rate, attrition rate both by
gender and by department on the top of the dashboard. It gives users a
general overview of how attrition rate varies by different segments. If
users are interested in looking into the details of how attrition rate
varies by different factors, they could filter by `Department`, `Gender`
and `Age` to get a better understanding and make plans accordingly.

One improvement we made this week was we successfully implemented the
feature of showing the attrition proportion among all the data when
users first open our dashboard. We have been wanting to implemented this
feature since milestone 1 and it is also a reoccurring feedback we got
from TA and peer. Although we did not add an \`total\` button in the
filter, the same result is reached by using multi selection.

Another improvement we made was based on the feedback from peer. We
improve the layout structure of our dashboard, and add an overview plots
and cards to the dashboard. Our group found this suggestion valuable
because it could make our dashboard more informative and gives users
both macro and micro understanding of the attrition rate. We implemented
this suggestion by adding overview cards on the top of our dashboard. We
chose cards over plots because cards deliver information more
straightforward compare to plots. Cards are also more concise and it is
easier for users to see the difference or make comparison between
segments.

In addition to the two major improvement we made, we also had some minor
changes to make our app more user friendly. We add units for \`Monthly
Income\` plot, which offers clear information that helps users to
compare with other data. We adjust the layout of the dashboard and
update sidebar format to make the app more readable as well as fancy. We
also changed the colour tone of the plots to make the whole dashboard
prettier.

Overall, we improved our app a lot this week. However, there is still
room for further improvement. Right now, we only have four fixed factors
for users to play with. We still wish to add two blank plots that allow
users to choose the factors they care about, and compare between
different filters. We do not have enough time to implement this, but we
believe this feature gives users more flexibility to better understand
the influence on attrition.
